Just like the note interface,
the Element interface contains a list of all of the properties and
a list of all of the methods available to an element.
Let's check out some of the properties for
this element and go to right click on it and choose Inspect.
Then I'll scroll down a bit here,
so that's in view,
and I'll select the H2 element over here.
Pressing Escape brings up the console and
one little trick here is that if you selected an element in the elements pane,
$0 refers to that element.
So this is the H2.
$0 refers to the highlighted element.
So if I select this and then say $0,
it will now be that span.
So let's click on the heading, too.
And let's check out these headings, class name attribute.
We see class name over here.
Let's pick on that class name.
And we can see that it has highlighted spanned,
which is have added span right up here.
Now, let's pick another property to try out.
Actually, let's move down to one of the methods.
Let's look at this has attribute method.
So we'll use $0, and again,
that refers to the element that we have selected in the elements pane.
So right now, it's the H2.
And we'll call hasAttribute, and we'll see.
Does it have a class, a name, or probably
it has all three of these, so let's just check one.
I must just check class.
So does this have a class?
And it says it does.
And again, this is the element interface,
and every single method and property on this page is available to every single element.